Okay, so we are starting the call it the production meeting, working on a project for basically analysing movies for their inherent morality.  Like each movie has a built-in moral opinions and we're trying to extract those moral opinions and then match it with the people who want to watch a movie. And so that the ultimate result is that you can find a movie that you and your partner both agree on, that you want to watch that movie, you agree with the moral lessons of it. So is it only ever based on moral views of the film?  I think the final recommendation could be based also on just like popularity, production, other things. Like it's not just a moral, but the morals is what I'm interested in. And so there's like the back end part.  Like I'm really interested in finding people's moral alignment based on what movies they're like. And I think it's. Yeah.  But we we could, I think for the first version, we could build it just based on just limit it to only popular films because that's where the best data is anyway. And then within popular films, what's the moral alignment and where do they cross shows that? So it won't be.  So like, I don't know my wife and I, when we go to decide a movie, she's like, oh yeah, I want something scary, but she doesn't really care. I don't know if either of us really care about necessarily certain moral journeys, but this will be... just not fast, it's focussed on people who want to look for a movie- based or moral direction, something. Yeah, well this recommended, there's some like, we don't have any, you can have explicit flags, like no cruelty to animals, no sexual violence, no children in danger.  But I don't really like this because it's... too explicit. Like it's sort of against the whole point of this, is that I want to see what can be actually extracted from the text of the movie versus what's what people say is it what can be analysed? More than to a I know my wife would like this one because she loves movies about people getting chopped to pieces and stuff, but there's a dead animal in it. do we have to turn off.  Yeah. But maybe maybe there's a moral flag of like we can extract some kind of a moral lesson of like it's really important not to hurt animals. And maybe some movies that is really important and then others, they disagree with that and maybe the movie's about hunting, you know, jaws.  It's like you shoot the shark. So the moral lesson is sometimes you need to kill animals, whereas some other one, I don't know, Zootopia maybe, where it's like they're all can be friends?. So that could be a moral dimension that we could hopefully extract.  So is it about the movie or is it about that a collection of people? Both. Matching the people with the movies?  But for it to give me a very good movie, it needs to know my it needs to know me better than I know my song. Yeah. Just like, I don't know, your better account or Google account I like.  Yeah, so I guess it's the context engineering you talked about the other night of how do we get that context in as quickly as possible, which I think this is a good way to do it where you just, I like this movie. I didn't like that movie. So maybe.  I guess maybe we need to think about what's some questions that you can ask somebody that would kind of decide what their moral direction might be then without necessarily specifically asking them that. Yeah, yeah. Because that was this thing..  Oh, sorry, go ahead. There's kind of kind of like a personality test type thing. Yeah, it's kind of a personality test.  I think we just found this. But you're not really like finding. How long can someone see and go through the test before you get the more?  Yeah, maybe you have to have a limit, like say, five minutes or I think it's. 90 minutes of the. Okay, two minutes. Two minutes.  Okay. So it should take about two minutes or less. And by that time, you should get an answer of.  Something like this. Where are you morally? Where's your partner?  What? And then what kind of movies can we recommend? So then the thing we need to build needs to be able to ask a bunch of questions with a set time. and, you know, capture that data, right?  But then what those questions are,? Because that's another thing we need to do is broke out lots of good questions that we can ask in that time. Or with Jenet or what generates what those options are, but that mightique than tuning.  Like a progressively questions that I just, like there's some kind of puff, you know? Yeah. maybe. I was thinking of the movies is like each one has let's say they have, um, like, eight dimensions, eight different questions and it's similar to this.  And each time you so the first movie, let's say the Lion King is the old order was right. So it's very far in this direction. So you've established that, but then maybe the next movie would test that assumption with maybe you can ask them another movie with the same, the old order was right. like the Batman where he's like all about law enforcing the law and beating up criminals.  And if you see like a few that you agree on, then you can kind of corelate that based on the movies. But then if there's some that are all over the place, maybe there's a, because maybe some movies are better tests than others. Yeah, yeah.  So I guess there'll be a bunch of criteria, which could be like these sort of things. And then each film, you would potentially score it against that criteria and then.. Yeah, exactly.  So there needs to be some sort of matching between the two people and then the scores for the movies. And then we'll also need to calculate based off the movies, all those scores, recalculate that potentially. Do you know what you can do?  You can ask Ford to do a research on how all the major, what they call it, Netflix, Amazon, how did they develop? matching? Because they have, for one account, but then you just kind of, you just get overlated data and there's like things like for solo, right?  But their matching is not very good. It's not. It never recommends me movies that I want to watch.  Are you on the same account than then your wife watches and then it kind of changes everything, right? Or is it. I'm talking about it for me just judge your account and imagine if you're watching it for yourself and then the other person, they're watching by themselves.  That's true. So it's actually tuned. It's not like a family account where then the kids watch something and then it's just, yeah, then of course, it's showing you random things because he doesn't know what to show.  Yeah, but even if they have a way to match that doesn't take any of this into account, I'd still be interested to see, and I think people would still be interested to see like what are their, what morality can you extract from the movies that they like? Like it's I would find this very interesting if I could take a twiz, 10 movies I like 10 movies I don't like, and it gives me like a personality test of. Yeah, I mean that's still quite a.  And then at the end, there must be some results, right, that actually show you the movie. Yes. And then..  But how rich that is, it probably doesn't need to be really rich. So it sounds like there's a couple of investigations that need to be done into like what questions do we actually ask? at the front line?  how we do our matching. I said their matching elements are very good, but good to know what do you mean by not good and what? Yeah.  What is their algorim? What about it as a good? And what do we need to change?  I'm not really interested in their algorithm. Like they okay, you know, their goal is to get people to watch movies, but I'm not really interested in how well their algorithm works because I'm more interested in like what is in the movies and what other the movies are saying. We'll need to do some investigation of how that matching is going to work.  Like we could just tell Florida going and Yeah. It's probably worth having a having spinput into that, I think. You want to imagine.  Because that's like the input. Not for the demo tomorrow because we could just show the screens and just tell people that that was a good choice of movies.. Look, I think the moral a lot.  My question is give a very high pro right. So one person moral are different between the other person moral, then how. who is it to say that the one is right or wrong? Either is right or wrong at the same time, it's like it's an eye to beholder.  Well, maybe that's moral relativity as another access. Do you believe that morality is in the eye of the beholder, yes or no? Well, I guess that's something else we need to work out.  What these axes that we've? Well, that's my hope is that these can somehowhow emerge from the movies, like the big five personalities. There's like openness, orderliness.  What was it?? Like negativity, outgoing. There's five personality ways of describing a personality and they nobody came up with them, but they just emerged from the answers to thousands of they got people to answer thousands of questions and they just looked statistically at like, in what ways are they correlated?  That's. Yeah, it's a statistical. I take that study and results actors.  But the morality is different from personality. So like, what are the dimensions of morality? And can we extract that from movies?  Okay. And then I guess we've got, obviously there's the screens to build or asking the questions at the start at the time. The result screen that's showing there.  Yeah. Are we thinking something like that? We' seen it, did you like it?  And then based on the movies and the implications of that movie was building that? So is this then at the end after like the first question? I mean that makes it too awake because what if I like one thing about the movie, but I didn't like the other things and there's so many things in the movie.  And the person would like this movie for a different reason. People would say I like the movie because they like the act of They like a person. I think this is an interesting approach.  So they have two stories. Which one would you rather watch? And they just basically summarise the plot of the Lion King in a couple sentences versus a different an opposite movie where it turns out that the monster was actually, you know, had their own unique perspective and it's told from the monster's point of view, but without saying what movie it is.  And you can kind of guess because it's pretty simple. So before you were we were saying about questions at the start to assessess morality, you're thinking these sort of questions thing? Well, you could either use movies or you could use this where it strips out all of the like the production values and the actors.  And it just based on the core moral part of the plot It doesn't matter if this is.. Before you were saying about, like, whether Whe like a movie where animals get harmed would be something that you dislike or something that, right? So that's, I guess, like kind of a different type of question.  Well, I think that that, and what I'm trying to work out is whether that question can be mapped within the morality framework of like harming animals Is that its own factor of harming animals or is it some other factor of like, so you mentioned about jaws. So that question was actually specifically from that movie then. There was a..  Common ground. It could be this factor, possibly. Common ground.  My People first versus everyone counts the same. It's like an in group out group because animals is like, could be seen as the ultimate out group. whether they're not even, no one would say animals are human even. So do you care about like my tribe first, my people, or do you care about like everyone equal, even animals, even worms, value every animal and creature in God's creation kind of thing.  So they're two different moral opinions. So you're saying that that's like a metric that we're tracking? or a?  It's potentially a dimension of morality that we're teasing them in these movies. All right. Yeah, so I think as far as the as far as those questions and then getting the answers to those who assess these, and that's, I guess, like a projecting that I don't believe without right back, right?  Yes. I think running through the screen to asks a bunch of questions and that, but it will probably gets in its own. And then also maybe then the back end into store all that that data and.  Yeah. What is that? Yeah, does that sound like a split?  I guess the tele bronze maybe before.. Find it Well, it's not boring, because that's what's going to be be.. Well, there's also the processing, isn't it?  Because we need to take the. Yeah, all the data sour-process it to actually run the engine. Yes.  Would that mean just. doesn't load a bunch of... Like then load a bunch of script the movies? Yes.  But it's fine if you within a new machine. I. Well, I'm getting it up onto AWS and so it can be have better internet access and we can all. share it and stuff like this one, tokens 40 gigabytes of tokens, I guess. So we want to have that ideally in the class.  Seven million files. I don't know if that's 7 million movies. Arabic.  Also, there's different languages as well, that's right. All right. And I've already got this on my local machine and it was running running against.  I think that was extracting these subtitles from this set. I'm going to get my jum note. Okay, I'll.  I'll be back. It's coffee time. I haven't had in mind.  Yeah. My shot for coffee is actually. I already owe him the coffee, so if you're you up for another coffee.  Oh, my. And I think we can probably. I can go from there.  How are you feeling about starting to build some of this? front end for asking these questions? Does some of that make sense enough to start building that?  You can also start analysing, if you pull again, start analysing like the code and we can work out how it's if we can try and figure out what sort of data structure it has already and try and base it off that. I think the questions are going to be, I mean, I think, and hopefully these moral axes are going to be dynamic and that'll be very interesting. So but that means that the front end will have to have that as dynamic.  But Okay, let me set up a I'll set up a basic front end app and we just get that asking the questions part. Yeah. I'll get the app pushed in so maybe we have like a front end folder in that source folder there.  So I guess you said before, maybe react? Yep. Just go like thatef.  Be a Yes. And I've got this. any technology preferences? Well, it's got this It's usually this duck database.  Duckct. DuckctTV, yeah, which I think will be fine for this. I don't think you can read these, but I think it said it was very similar to sequel light.  So I'll try and set up the app so it's just running of mock data. That way, then we can then hook it up to like a backup. Are you planning to?  It would be good.. I think it would be good if you. I's just have it to the same database because then the movies analyse movies will be in there once we've completed running the analysis.  I might just get that running while we.. I got it, wait, wait. No, this is overcomplicated.  See? No, no, no. You know why?  I understand to learn this now time. So you were already trying to like, production up and all this. You don't actually need to have all these things.  So you just can get away with a one pipeline supply that probably just does most of the work.m going to see what this thing turns back. at the skeleton, Atlas Pros, Atlas Bank, Atlasas AV. I don't even know what. thing is writing is doing some kind of script, yeah. Because I interrupted it before, but it's downloading..  This is now downloading from that Opus. I think it's already got the Opus file and it just just cutting it up to find the different subtitles. But I honestly don't know, but once this is finished, we should at least be able to see what the data it's pulled out looks like, and I'll probably apparently I also have spent $10 worth of VBR credits because that's how much it takes.  But as long as it's not more than that, okay, that should be fine., Okay, so get something request request We'll put blocks by concept fil. So the kind of thing we'll have to look. But hopefully this will give us a shape of our data and then we can start building best on it. 